add docs for response action apis (#2232)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/api/running-procs-api.asciidoc

[[running-procs-api]]
=== Get processes

Get processes on a host running {endpoint-cloud-sec}.

You must have the `superuser` role to perform this action and at least an Enterprise license.

==== Request URL

`POST <kibana host>:<port>/api/endpoint/action/running_procs`

==== Request body

A JSON object with these fields:

[width="100%",options="header"]
|==============================================
|Name |Type |Description |Required

|`endpoint_ids` |Array (String) |The IDs of each endpoint you want to issue this action to. |Yes
|`alert_ids` |Array (String) |If this action is associated with any alerts, they can be specified here. The action will be logged in any cases associated with the specified alerts. |No

> |`case_ids` |Array (String) |Logs the action taken on specified cases. |No

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`case_ids` |Array (String) |The ID(s) of case(s) where the action taken will be logged. |No
```

Reviewer: If you accept this suggestion, it should also apply to the other places where `case_ids` appears in this PR
